So what I would like to do to kick this off is talk about what I think a so called perfect um, bootstrapped startups is. And what are those attributes? What does it mean in terms of making money in terms of going to market in terms of acquiring customers on why I could, because I think most companies don't work, just like he said in the video there, most companies, for one, don't build something people want, but I think it's even worse than that. I think they also may be our building, something people want, but not in a structure that lends itself to bootstrapping. That is not in a structure that lends itself for low money, low time and all that kind of stuff, either. And I feel like a lot of companies fail just because it's not a good fit for the re sources and constraints and advantages that you have. Having a small company and his revolution. Teo. I've built four companies by bootstrapping, and all of them made more than million dollars, all of them a year. All of them are profitable. Two of them were sold, even my current one W P engine was the same. And then I went and joined the other side, and I raised some money. Andi were trying to swing for the fences. Now, which is a whole new challenge. But I did boot strap it to this point before raising money, so it still counts as far as this is concerned. Um, so this is how I think about what it means to do this, by the way, we're talking to heat, and last night he says, I don't like bootstrapped. Don't you know that means you're it sucks. And I don't like, uh, like, like someone said in the video, I don't like lifestyle business because there's just a majority of implied there. I agree with that. And so heat and suggest that. See, now I'm stealing heat is thunder and he's going to go talk tomorrow and not have anything to say. But, oh, good. He seems happy, though, being said, Let's call it self funded. Yes, that's good. Self funded. And maybe that means little friends and family. Maybe it means a little a little debt, but not the kind that you're giving up any significant amount of your company for self funded. So Let's call it that I think self funded, and this is what I think of as a self funded company. I think the right mind frame is frame of mine is to say that it is a cash machine meaning a predictable way in which you're going to make a profit every month. And this is what I mean. How many people in here currently have a business where if you did nothing next month, if you stayed in Vegas and went crazy, your business would make ten thousand dollars in revenue next month for sure, like without any doubt at all. How many? No, not that. But still not more than twenty percent, I'd say. And that's That's kind of the point. And look at this audience of folks who can afford a fairly expensive ticket and all this to come out here. And still, it's almost impossible to hit what I just said, which is barely really enough to just quit your job, which is maybe the first kind of a goal you might have in itself. Find it started. Just people focus on it full time. It's probably biggest goal, especially if you have a family or something like that where it's especially, you know, especially interesting to you. Teo. Teo, make this company work. So this is This is what I want to talk about building for the whole rest of the time, something that predictably and repeatedly, always gives you ten thousand dollars a month profound er in revenue and hopefully more like twenty thirty forty, that sort of thing and how I c building them. And to be fair, this is exactly the constraints I put on myself with W P engine and even the company that I didn't do before that because I couldn't find a way to make these constraints fit and decided. Therefore, it's not a good way to self fund something. So first you talk about revenue models and this might be pretty obvious, but my third company, Smart Bear, was what you might call one ofthe software. You bought it, you downloaded it and you don't really come back. Maybe there's upgrades, maybe for enterprise plans. You get twenty percent per year if you really haggle them, and they really care about the features. You added. But more or less every time the month turns over, you have to start from scratch for revenue. This is, of course, the opposite of a cash machine, as far as I'm concerned. And I can tell you that smart bear, even after having millions in revenue and therefore probably should have felt pretty comfortable each month that we'd be okay. I literally would wake up in the middle of the night, wake up in the light, panicked, wondering how my going to cover payroll on the of this month and I felt that way when it's just me for two years and I felt that way seven years later, when it's a team of twelve and all that, I still felt the same way. It never got better, ever, ever, and it's a horrible way to live with you. It's horrible, so I don't like that. So of course, recurring revenue. We don't have to beat you over the head about that. No kidding. That's what it means to get to know I'm gonna have money next month is that it's recurring. But I think the details around this are not obvious. So I want to get into what specifically I mean, because you probably have heard of this thing that Kevin Kelly first thought of called the thousand fans, and he said, You know all these artists, especially officially, musicians who want to get away from the labels They they could get away with labels if they could just get a thousand rabid fans to buy like one or two hundred dollars a year worth of merch and going to concerts and stuff like that, and that's all they need. And they wouldn't need labels or anything it because what they really want, I mean, sure, they want lots of money that be great. But considering right now, they are. I have to have a full time job and barely can do the band versus okay, I don't have ten million dollars in the bank, but I'm doing what I love, which is just playing music and traveling the country. That's an amazing shift, and all you need is a thousand rabid fans. This is This is a really romantic, fantastic concept. And so Seth Gordon got ahold of it, and he's like, that is. And so he posted it, and then it got really popular. And that's where everyone heard about it, more or less. The problem is that a couple of weeks later, Kevin Kelly redacted the whole idea, he said. You know, I was inundated with information from actual artists, and they said, This is completely not true. First of all, you can't even get people to give you one hundred two hundred dollars a year. It's hard. You can't get a thousand rabid fans. You can get like thirty or fifty of your your friends and family and stuff. But actually, a thousand fans super hard to get a thousand people at any price point is really hard. How many people in here have over a thousand customers? Oh, not that. How many of them give you ten dollars a month or more? One hundred dollars a month or more? Right? It's really hard to get ten thousand of anything and really hard to get, you know, you know, a decent amount of money. And the other thing was, even if they did have the, you know, one or two hundred dollars a year times a thousand so to you know, say, call two hundred thousand dollars not enough to cover all the expenses for traveling around, doing paying a couple of band members and stuff it actually isn't enough. So, unfortunately, Seth, it was It was not in his interest to redact his own thing, so he didn't didn't say a thing. And so it was stuck in everyone's mind that a thousand rabid fans is a good idea and no one read the thing that said, Actually, it's not. So I'm gonna propose a different thing instead that let's do one hundred fifty fans are really hundred fifty customers, right? And you can do one hundred fifty for sure, because first of all, you could get fifty just by scratching and clawing and go into these kind of things and talking to people and you know, I did things for Delhi penchant, for example, where I literally called our sorry email people, I'll give you the exact technique. I would go to Lincoln and find people who are consultants in WordPress because we're wordpress hosting and I would send in the following e mail, I'd say, Hey, I'm a founder of this new we're press hosting company. It's supposed to be designed for folks like you. So I'd love to talk to you about your pain and your needs and the customer development stuff, right? And then I'd say, Now I know your time is valuable. You're a consultant and so I absolutely do not want you to feel like I'm just trying to grab time from you. I am very happy to pay whatever you think is fair for an hour of your time, even if that's more than your normal hourly rate. Because I appreciate this is a weird one off thing, so I literally don't care. But I'm very interested. Here's what happened. I said forty of those one hundred percent of them agreed to talk to you on the phone. I actually talked to, you know, thirty eight. The rest didn't schedule whatever, but one hundred percent positive sponsoring, and thirty eight of the forty talked to me and zero of them ask for any money. In other words, I was just respectful of them. They were happy to help, so that's obviously only one technique. But it's a pretty easy one to use for pretty much anything. So that's what I mean. You could scratch and get there with the idea for a company I had before BP engine. I couldn't find enough people to give me money and so I gave up both W P engine, I was able to find thirty forty people who agreed to give me fifty dollars a month if I built this thing before. I had a company name before. Had a power point presentation before ahead. Any employees before I had a server braid Anything already had thirty people doing that and Capital Factory, which is an incubator in Austin that I helped start. I tell cos every single year to do this, and usually about half of them try it, and you'd be surprised how many times you could get twenty or thirty people to give you a check right there for something that doesn't exist. If the ideas, in fact, solving a pain that they really have. Which, of course, is the measure anyway. So you can get fifty people and you can. You can do you no guess, posting on certain blog's and other social media stuff. I actually don't think you can get a lot around that. I'll talk about that later, but you can certainly scratch and claw a little bit out of that. And then finally you're going to have some kind of marketing, even if that's as mundane as AdWords and, oh, our special ads on a particular, you know, particular sites that are relevant to your thing or something like that. You can scrape that together again if you can scrape that together over a period of months, of course. But if you can't do that, then I would argue that it's gonna be hard to make this a company, ever. And so if it could be a company ever seventy five, not not hard to do, but the other trick is okay, great. I could get a hundred fifty, but the goal, remember, is I want a ten thousand dollars a month in revenue, and so this makes a very obvious formula that I need to charge. What is what may feel like a lot of money? Seventy dollars a month? Say, on average and again, a lot of people who are self funded realize that their product, it doesn't have a lot of features. And it's kind of shitty and the support slow because it's just you and like, actually, everything about it is kind of shitty. And so I'm not worth the charging a lot of money. And so you know you feel like home in charge of nineteen dollars a month, nine dollars a month, and often that's coupled with. But I'll get thousands of customers, which is again very hard. So my argument to you is that that that is not a good idea. That's a difficult way to go and the easy ways to decide how it is valid to charge a lot of money. And the good news is this is something that Erica Douglas is going to talk about for her entire talk. And in fact, several other people I believe I'm going to touch on this, and I'll even throw out a few things. You're going to a ton of ways to do this. We have no excuse not to. So one example of doing this is exactly the price points that we did it w P engine we got started, which are those and just having different tiers with crap. And, you know, of course, little very byproduct, but more features or more more volume of stuff, segmented by customer type, that sort of thing. The usual tearing kind of thing. Those were our tears. Our average revenue per customer was more than one hundred dollars a month with those particular tears, This is what I mean. Another example is charge a lot for the product ninety nine, even one ninety nine, but then have coupons and specials all of the time. One thing we tried doing once is we Wei had that forty nine dollars. One. What we did was we wrote seventy nine and then crossed it out and said forty nine in sales went up, right? Same thing. Just kind of makes it feel that's what I mean, right? Or make it ninety nine a month, and that's fine. Except you goto. You goto bloggers and such, and you give them a coupon for their readers, which will give them thirty percent off for a year. Which again just gets you back to the sixty six average that you need. But everybody feels like they're getting a lot more value, right? So they all kinds of, you know, the Internet is full of tricks like this, I suppose, and again you'll hear a lot more, But the point is, you've got to charge more money. There's lots of ways to do that is no excuse. And then, of course, the nice thing is, if you do get two hundred fifty, surely that's not that the ceiling, even a tiny niche. And if one hundred fifty begins a ten grand, then you can see well, yes, that's a good That's a good point to go for only because then it's very clear that you could get to fifteen or twenty. Probably who knows about a million? Who knows if you don't want to do that, but certainly, you know, you could get a nice, stable company that way. And so again, I don't want to beat up the price thing too much because you get more of that. But what I do want to do is put one word in your mind about this and that's boutique because you think about outside of the tech world. What does this mean? What's a similar thing? A shop that's only got one or two people in it, and it's super expensive. It's barely ever open because it's just them. Sounds like a micro business of any kind on the cancer. The email were here. It works. So you're not open, kind of great, and but you get incredible attention and the work is amazing and It's unique and it's special, and you feel good helping out people who are really making a go of it. And so you don't mind. That is three times as expensive as it should be for address or whatever the hell it is, right boutique. So you could be a beauty consultant like Patrick McKenzie. You could be a boutique. Anything, right? So this thing and even a lawyer, right, the independent boutique lawyer is a thing. And so I think this is a nice, positive way to say, Yeah, this is why it is, OK, spend money. And this this now dovetails with the talk. It'd last year about saying, You know, if you say I am just one person who's really making a go of it, that's the kind of thing that actually lets you charge more money because we will go. That's awesome. Because started, You're cool right now, aren't they? And so people want to give you more money boutique. Okay, so staying with the concept of revenue but moving around a little bit away from the model, I don't talk about cash flow, obviously very important for any company, but in particular, self funded one because you don't have cash. That's the deal. And you know, cash is king. We're not going to talk about that. But since cash is king, you have to use the annual prepaid trick. How many people have are using annual pre pace right now? Very few. That's interesting. Okay, have to do it. You have to. It's required by law, It turns out, because let's suppose you figure out a way that you could spend three hundred dollars and acquire a customer on average, that pays fifty bucks a month. This is actually pretty easy. There's a lot of clicks on Google ads or, you know, that's like one blood post that content. Lee writes. That you post somewhere you anyone sail from it. You know, this is this is actually a pretty easy Barto. Reach three dollars for fifty dollars a month. But if if that's true, if you could spend that to do that, then if you spent sixty grand right now, if this was a perfect little model, if you could, you'd get your ten grand a month run right right now. Just kind of interesting thought, if you if you think of it in that way. And so what happens is annual pre pay is You can actually do that. Because if you think about it, if you was put upon the site and say all right, if you sign up now for annual, then I'll give you two months free. It's okay. You collect less money over the over the, you know, imaginary course of a year. That's true. You collect sixteen percent less money. Okay, two months. But the deal is you pay this sixty k for the sign ups and you get one hundred k in cash. Now, of course, if you waited over, of course, the whole year, you'd eventually one hundred twenty k, which is more. But that means that right now you get forty k in the bank. Right now, you get your already to your goal in your forty came to bank to go to play on other stuff, like more advertising or developing something or hiring a designer. Finally. So doesn't look like ass or whatever it is. You're going Tio, right? Like it's so having forty k today. Now, no cash flow problems is always worth what you would have had. You would have had sixty K over the next twelve months, always every single time. That's actually true of almost any sass business, period. But in particular it's true of self funded businesses. So you have to do this now. This is imaginary. You can't make everyone do this right, And so I'll give you some hard figures. This is exactly the numbers that we get a W P entrance, so you can see what I mean. One quarter of our sign ups that come through the website elected the annual pre pay by revenue. So that means seventy five percent of the time. It's true. I only collect one month of revenue from the customer. That first month and a quarter of the time, though I get ten times one month right, not twelve, because it's gives a discount. And so math is pretty simple. I get over three times the cash flow every month that I would have had and in particular, the way they are. With the cost of our customer acquisition. We actually collected more money in cash every month. Then it costs us to acquire this customers, just like the previous math. That is exactly what happens, and so we literally operate with an infinite marketing budget. The marketing budget, a double pension, is not limited by money because we'll make it back. In fact, well, it's negative one months because I make the money in credit cards today gets deposited in bank right and then the credit card for stuff like Edwards doesn't hit till next month. Is it actually a negative one months of cash flow in that it's OK, and so can you. I'm saying now, look, maybe the ratios won't be the same, but any number of people that elect annual is a lot, lot, lot better and lets you deploy that money right away. So, by the way, we can't do infinite marketing, though, because we're constrained by their things like human beings. We actually stop our marketing at some point because our tech support organization was so overwhelmed with tickets that were giving people bad service, which I suppose is a good problem to have. But its problem anyway, anyway. So it's very realistic that this is the case, and I absolutely think you have to do it. And so let me give you a couple of extra hip tips and hacks of how to get people to do Annual Mohr As we dio really fun. One is you make a coupon again to give to other sources, like affiliates and bloggers and stuff like that. People who might send you traffic and you give them a coupon that says your readers and get three months free if they sign up for an annual pre pay. And, of course, the coupon has to only work. In that case, of course, you're giving him too much free anyway, so three months is not that much more. But it's a big incentive for people to come up and do it. And if it only works on annual, that's a big cash bump. So that's one scene. Another one. I told this to accompany a capital factory, so they were charging, I believe, twenty nine dollars a month. And I said, Well, and there were also they had something else, like they don't have annual pre paid all that. Well, no, no, I take it back. They were charging million dollars a year and I said, Okay, well, what you charge forty nine dollars a month and then make the annual discount like, half off like it's It's six months free. Just make it ridiculous. So they did, and sign ups didn't change at all like the number of sign ups, I mean, didn't change at all. In other words, every was perfectly happy to see a higher price monthly and then receive a much, much bigger price annually. And all of a sudden that happened. So if you're worried about that annual net numbers too big, they just raised the monthly rate a little bit and discount the annual lot so that it feels like a terrific deal if people picked the monthly fine. You just raise it a lot, so great, and if they pick the annual, they feel like it's a good deal. So encourage them to do exactly that. Another thing I did a capital factory and this is what I was just confused with is that the company was charging. I think it was fifty dollars a year, and I said, Just make it per month and see what happens. And they did that sign ups didn't change at all again. This is just like raising your price and do it. And then he said, Okay, well, now do an annual and again like you, Khun, you, What kind of discount do you want? So you got to do stuff like that. We'll give you a couple more hacks are poofs stands for average revenue per user that comes from Telco. It's just another way of saying revenue per customer. Just a couple of extra hacks on this, because again, this amount of money that you're charging for customer is the most important metric. I think in your company it's going to be more important than things like cancellation rate, even and other things like that. When you're small, this is the most important thing that will move the needle on stuff on again. You'll hear a lot more in the small conference, so that's good. So one thing's just raise prices. Yet another story of here is there was another Kappa factory company could see there's one hundred companies and have a factory, Understand? So that's why a lot of stories in there. But it's good. It's a corpus of lots of things. Lots of people bootstrapping and and they were charging nineteen dollars a month and I said, Well, double it and see what happens. Know you understand, just well, do it for a week and no one signs up. It's cool. You only getting one or two science today. Anyways, like it won't really matter. So they doubled it to forty nine or whatever it was, and sign ups didn't change at all like, this is great. I just double revenue. Yeah, what you gonna do now? So I'm gonna buy a lot of bad words, do all this stuff, and it's like, No, you're going to double it again or at least fifty percent or something until something else until something bad happens, right? Just raise the dam prices. That's one of them. There's other things. This is This is when the Erica taught me actually say so. I'm stealing her stuff, but you have the tears highlight. The middle you've seen is on lots of websites, right? You highlight the middle one. People tend to get it instead of the lower one. Have really big one on the end. For people that really want that, just decide. They always want to spend the most money. People will do that. It's nice. Another one from Erica is called the most expensive. When the business plan and people with businesses will sign up for that automatically, it works. And if you go to our website, will see exactly that. Thanks, Erica. And so there's lots of tricks. And again, you'll see a lot more of this this during this conference. Another hack. A lot of people of free trials, fifteen day free trial, third day free trial and it makes sense. Customers want to test this out first. No one trusts anyone. That's fine. Um, but I hate free trials, actually for especially for Bootstrap companies, because you never get that money back. Most people that sign up with a credit card will stay. If that's not true. By the way, something is incredibly poisonous. Fix that parting ways. But there is this right. But if that's true, then that means most the time when they give you their credit card, you're giving them fifteen or thirty days for nothing and you're never going to charge them for it. So you just lost the money, and that sucks. So I don't like trials, but you've to give him something. So we switch to a sixty day money back guarantee instead of a fifteen day free trial. And in both cases, we took the credit card originally. And when we say, But we won't charge you until the trial's over and the other one, we just charge to charge him anyway and said, we'll give you a refund and much more time and sales went up and people would email us and say, You know, that fifteen days didn't seem like enough time. Now that I have sixty days, I decided to sign up. But I'm charging you more like down to you, Stanley. Get. Yeah, they don't. It's more time. And so you get more money, and actually, it's pretty interesting. And let me give you some data to back this up. I'm like, I have not no time access and no X and y axis. Isn't that nice? That's because I'm not gonna give you too much information out of you. The engine works, but this is our number of customers. Graph. And there's a pretty obvious change point right there. That was about January of last year. We had a sixty money back guarantee. Instead of a trial, we changed our tears around a little bit. Like you saw a lot of that again is due to Erica. We had that business here when he renamed the Tears, including business. Look right. And this is not even revenues. This number of sign ups, right? Revenues Even better. Right. But number of science, in other words. No, it's not like, Well, we charge more, but fewer people signed up in any of that math. No, all of it went up again. Won't always be like this, But the point is, people are so scared of changing prices or did it? It was like, No, just do it and look at it and like that and the final thing, I'll say I'm revenue is I don't like any kind of self funded startups in which the revenue models anything like what I call picking up pennies, which is stuff like kickstarter, where I'm gonna have all this activity and money's going to move around, and I'll just I'll just scrape off the top, we'll have a donation sign, People send money and I'll get one percent. And the reason I don't like it is actually nicely demonstrated by kickstarter. They did over one hundred million dollars of funding of stuff last year, which is really cool, except the only made six million dollars. And that wasn't even enough to cover their costs. So they lost money, and so they have to raise more money. And Kick Start is one of the most successful examples of a, you know, kind of quick growing, you know, picking up any sort of a company and even they can't make money, really added. I just I don't like that maybe its scale and at other things. Maybe for raising money. Maybe all that, but not not this kind. So I don't like anything like that. I like it when you go get customers in charge of lots of money. That's what I want. So so now I want to set revenue side and talk about markets. What kinds of goat? What kinds of markets to me are conducive to a cash machine company and again, everything. You know, there's exceptions, all rules and stuff like that. But I feel like there's some markets which are intrinsically difficult to build a cash machine in and markets were. It's intrinsically easier. So I just want to know to go through this. And the first thing is this question of like should be beat a C or B to B meaning. Do I sell to other businesses or do I sell to consumers? And I want to make a very strong argument that you should absolutely, never, not, not not sell to consumers. People don't spend money on stuff. I mean, Gmail is like one of the best, perhaps the best, you know, online male thing that has ever existed ever, ever. And they started charging people five dollars a month. What is crazy? I got five dollars a month for the most amazing email that exists. AP Store is a good example again. I remember reading a review of an APP that I was going by its A one dollars ninety nine cent app, and the review said, This is terrible. It didn't have this feature whatever. Maybe if it was ninety nine cents, it would've been worth it, but not a dollar ninety nine. It's like that's the consumer market. That's the deal. This is not conducive to seventy dollars a month, right? That's what people pay for their Time Warner bill. And even then, they complain about it. Like consume. It's too hard to do this and consumer back up. If I another good example, they make they make back the backup stuff. That's a good that's a good cell phone to kind of company, right? Backing up stuff? I think so. Except they sold the consumers and the on ly charge forty dollars a year to back up. Everything couldn't be done damage, so they switched doing business. And if you think about all the companies that that you might, you know, follow our idolize in this in this sort of self funded thing, like thirty seven Signals and Frog Creek and last CNN, like, You know, all the all the people who spoke last year and all that kind of all of my companies there, all B to B. There's not a B C one in there, in fact, on the speaker list, like right off the bat, every single person in here, almost. It's telling you to be anything but not Patrick because he's got the bingo card creator that sells to consumers except talk to Patrick about it and see what he thinks about that, right? He says. Don't do that is what he says. Don't do that. So now he's selling scheduling software, people that have businesses. So he's now in the Bt Beauchamp to and then you have Robin. It's true that Rob you sell towels in online stuff like that. Consumers like fair enough except a digital that and now he's selling invoicing software. That's B to B and then hit them hit tail, which would be to be. And now a new thing which is being a bee. So it's being it's B B. That's the deal. All right, that's all right. Enough. So let me give you some Marcus I like and don't like. So first of all, I don't like any market in which the pain that the customer experiences is temporary, where we have to catch them. In a certain point in their life, we had a company go through capital factory that sold this really neat thing where you took your wedding photos and it made videos out of it. It was inexpensive. It was really cool. Every single customer that used that, everyone said it was awesome. They would do it again and made a testimonial Everyone. And who cares? Because you only get married? What, twice, three times? So it's not. That's not enough of recurring revenue, right? And the problem is, you have to catch them right, like while they're planning their wedding. Well, you and everyone else on earth trying to sell things to brides. And, you know, they spent a lot of money, A lot of big coming. Spend a lot of money trying to get in front, right? Right? It's hard to go get in that point of time and go sell a thing, and it's not recurring. I don't like that. Events is another one. You constantly see ice constancy startups trying to sell stuff to people who do events, and they it's hard to do that. It's only once a year at most. It's difficult. Another another kind of different example of the same thing that my company's smart bear. After we sold it, we start acquiring other companies, and one of them was a code profiler, which is a tool that tells you how your ifyou're suffers running slowly. Why, that's useful, of course. And so what happened is there was a free trial. So what happened? Is there soft drink slowly, they search for profiler. They get it. They go fix the problem. HRH A what a great tool. Except I'm still in my free trial period. And now we don't have a pain anymore. See you. Bye. It is very difficult to get them to get recurring or something, because the thing is it recurring, so temporary pain. So if it's not a continuous pain, I don't like it. So sort of. Conversely, I like things that this is a pain, but the value is itself somehow naturally recurring, that it makes sense that you would continue charging in a recurring manner. So one example is if the cost of The service itself is recurring, which is like W P engine are hosting company because obviously we have servers and band with and stuff like that and that sits there and fans have to spend and acts have to move around and stuff like that. And so, like clearly there are costs. And so it clearly we charge you every month. There's no doubt about it. And the only question is how much there's No, there's no like it should be free like it's not even it doesn't even come up because the cost themselves are ongoing. Another example are anything tied to financial cycles invoicing, reconciliation, taxes, reporting, metrics, compliance. HR Admin is like a ton of stuff that sort of attached to financial cycles. Monthly quarterly annual stuff all those again there, you have to do it. And so anything that goes into that role is good invoicing. Software is, you know Rob's invoicing. Softer is a good example. Another fun data point. On this there was a study of thousands of mobile apse that that somebody did, and they ask how much money they were making. Here's a Here's one I know most people here are doing Web maps. But still, there's a funny data point. They asked thousands of mobile app developers. How much money do you make in your lap? And thirty percent of them said zero dollars. And another thirty percent said, I don't know. So from that same study, That's interesting. Maybe award away from from the mobile app thing for recurring revenue, maybe, but in particular, acts that were focused averaged, uh uh, fifteen hundred dollars a month in revenue and maps that were finance based averaged six thousand dollars a month. So again, finance cycles. Good thing. Another one is, um, when the nature of the pain or the challenge with value itself changes over time by its nature. So a lot of examples here are like a digital marketing like Seo changes. Google changes its mind and other competitors come up and you do other stuff. And then it's just it's just ever changing. So whatever the tool is that used to track or improve ASIO, sort of by its very nature, you have to keep using it because the thing underneath that is moving. So lots of things in digital marketing like this. AdWords CEO, competitive reports, email, marketing content marking social media measurement techniques may be testing like kind of anything in that world is by its very nature. Dynamic is an overused word that's true changing over time, and so you kind of need a tool over and over again to keep up with it. So that's a natural pattern, another one to support which it may be a dangerous place to go for a self under company because that means human time, and that could be very expensive. But the fact is that support is something that is again, naturally recurring. It's very easy. So, for example, we have a premium support package that's five hundred dollars a month that gets you some better escalates and stuff. And so, for example, a simple version of that is, you could say, for only one hundred dollars a month, you can have it. You can have a premium support package in which your tickets get priority over the people who are not, and you just make two cues and working that way. And so those people simply have faster response times, blah, blah, blah. Get the front of the line, and it's pretty much free money because you want to do all the tickets anyways, and it just changes the order in which you do it in such a way that people are giving you money. So that's interesting way to incorporate support in a way that is actually, you know, conducive to a, you know, lo touch support kind of thing, like we're talking about way we now have this big scaling support organization, so it's more complicated as account management stuff. But anyway, that's the way to do it in a small way. So when I don't like is products that are viral, we're that's supposed to be how they grow. And the reason is number one. They almost never work just by the numbers. They almost never work. And so I just don't like it at all, because it's it's Look, it's low risk of success, and that sucks. Another thing is, even if the violet coefficient is okay, it's hard to get going, like you only have one hundred users. And every month, one percent of them invited. Friend. It's like, right, that's one more user and or zero because now we're in rounding error, right? Like it's really hard to get going and let you have this big corpus to start with, right? And so in that big corpus to start with this often really difficult and expensive, like you often can't charge yet, and it's hard to me it doesn't fit the model of the cell phone and started, so I don't I don't like it at all. Kind of thing I do like is anything that that isn't a real time in its nature. By which I mean it is not important that the user absolutely get something out of you in this instant or else it's over. So hosting is about is a counter example. So here's one example where the intention was not a good fit in this, and rightly so OK, I mean, imagine how many times will we wake up in the middle of the night to fix something? And that's because when the site is down in middle of the night, we have to go fix it because it's a real time. But we can't wait till the morning. Not okay. I'm supposed to invoicing software where it could wait till the morning. It's not ideal, but you can. You can send that invoice out in a day. It's okay, don't be today. And that's terrific. That's what you want. You don't want to get up the middle night. That was a mistake. Freely make you want to do that. So anything that sort of decision support for a business, so right analytics and metrics and monitoring all these kind of things are almost never really time in their nature and or they make the data might be. But the availability doesn't necessarily need to be, which is kind of more to the point. Another example is again anything in finance because there's always lots of buffer around when the finance folks have to do their various things and so you have time. Project manager. It's another random, just just another random example. Obviously far from exhaustive, he's just sort of, you know, getting your juices flowing. Project manager again. Like if my trailer wasn't available for for an hour, That does suck. No doubt about it. Like I saw several travel aboard, so I was walking around, so for sure that's that's something. But you're not going to cancel. You're not gonna go. In that case, I'm going to completely switched from Probably just not gonna happen, because it's okay. Anything that's content is obviously something that's easy. And content also is super easy to make highly available. Anyway, you put our industry finished, right or something like that. Like contents. Easy to make. Always available anyhow, in in any way. If it's not available, it's okay. Another mark kind of market. I don't like his market places. This is where I have buyers and sellers, and I bring them together so that they have a a marketplace of fun. Uh, etc. Is a marketplace. Um, kickstarter is a marketplace. EBay is sort of the quintessential big marketplace. Play Amazon, oddly enough is kind of a marketplace in that. There, there. You know, it doesn't make any products. Okay, now they make a few, but in general, they don't. They just get consumers to a website and get products and sell it. That's a marketplace. And the reason I don't like it again. Marketplace is very difficult to build. Almost never work because you kind of have two businesses. You have the business of getting the seller's toe. Get over here and put your products here and use my method of payment. God knows what else it is, and you have to go do that. Pull them over, and you have no buyers yet to do that with, and you need to. Buyers need to convince them and advertise them. Whoever the hell you do, get them over here and you have cellars yet. See this chicken and egg kind of two business Janice sort of thing going on its heart. And the good news is, if you're successful, it's very defensible. We're talking about this last night, but supposing, etc. Right now, open source their whole environment. So can you go compete with etc? No, because people type, etc dot com that is actually there at asset the fact that someone types, etc dot com, the fact that someone types even a fact that some types kickstarter is in fact the valuable asset of the company, not the code behind it. Right? So that's cool. It's great. But again, for a cellphone and start up. I feel like two companies are have a much, much lower risk of succeeding than one. You know, too, that have to both be successful in a way. And it's just hard. So I don't I don't like it. The market I do like going back again is something that can be done, and I think there's a ton of kinds of things that you've done. But what I mean is you don't want to be in a feature war with another product, where where your success is tied to things like, Oh, they have more features than I just like to keep writing, because but your very nature, you don't have as many developers and you don't have many. Resource is, in general your designers. Aaron is good, whatever by its very nature. So why would you compete in a space in which lots of features is it is a differentiator when that's not the kind of thing that you're going to have as a unique differentiator. Nico Mack, the guy that made WinZip what made a million dollars a year in the nineties with shareware and wins. It was done right. I mean, sure, there was, like WinZip nine and who even knows what it did? Nothing, right. It's its winds up in most of the stolen, anyhow, and he still made a million dollars a year way back when that was actually pretty hard, and you were mailing postcards with checks and stuff for the share. We remember that beer wear and all that, but that's what I mean. A product that can be done and fit. Not that you never work on it again. Of course, that's not really the case, but it can be done. And there's a ton of kinds products like that. I like that. Another thing I like is an after market by which I mean there's already an established incumbent pronto product that has a lot of following and you can tack on to the end of it. And so some examples right here, smart there was like that. So I already have version control, and now you have code review. So we integrated with perforce and subversion and CVS and in fact, a dozen different things. Both summat mock ups started as adults to base camp. Insulin woo themes, obviously, is themes on the platform of WordPress. My current company is based on the fact that we're press has a huge following, and they need a host somewhere that's often aftermarket service for WordPress. Alien skin is a company that's kind of well known for being around for over a decade, meaning making tons of money bootstrapped and they make Photoshopped plug ins. Cool Photoshopped plug ins don't make photo shop. They just make cool plug ins afterwards. Qutb Sea is a is a company's been around since nineteen eighty four. When we say that again and their boots draft and all they do is sell this product that takes a quick books file and puts an OD be seeing her face on it so you could make database quarries against it. Pretty cool aftermarket tool for QuickBooks. So this is what I mean, and the reason I like it so much is it's easy to understand, like this is the product. This is exactly how it works. These the pain points. A lot of people with this product have this pain point. I know how to find this. Customers, because they used this particular product to the keywords are obvious. Many times the vendors are interested in supporting you. I gave a talk in the perforce that's version control the perforce user conference every year about code review because we're an aftermarket tool on perforce, and we promoted perforce as well as a result, just there was no agreement. We didn't change money. We just did because perforce was good and so are two worked well with it. And so I got customers all the time by being invited to their user conference to give a talk, which is bizarre because they wanted to support it. So even better are the are the companies. Or, I would say, ecosystems, meaning companies that intentionally go make this aftermarket market and like sales force, you can there's literally s force dot com where they help you make a product that you convince sell the sales force customers. Hiroko does that with their plugin story of the Apple APP store is really the same thing for the device. You're an aftermarket apt for the device. Right now, some of these ecosystems are more friendly than others. Like the APP store is well known for, you know, not approving the APP or maybe competing with you eventually so that one's a little bit trickier. I mean, not to say that means you should do it, but it's you know, you have to look at that risk, but then you look at these ecosystems like sales Force and Hiroko, and it's very clear that they are committed to not doing that shit to you. And so, like sales force, people complain like they haven't added features in years. That's exactly right, because they want other people to make money, adding features because that's part of the ecosystem, and they know that's part of what makes them strong and they act that way. So is Hiroko. That's good. That's the kind of ecosystem that I love because, look, it's a marketing channels sales channel, pricing channel, like all kinds of stuff that you sort of get built in when it's like that and I love built there, it's the last thing about market I want to talk about is I think you should be in a big market, and this is typically something that a VC would tell you, right? You want to be a big market with Lots of people are spending billions of dollars on What is it you see? Want that? Well, because if you see wants you to be worth a billion dollars and that's not possible unless people are spending billion dollars, or maybe you're making up a new market that you think is going to work a billion dollars, so that's why they care. But we don't care about that at all. But I still think you should be a big market, because first of all, there's lots of niches that you could be in. So you've sliced out this little customer segment of okay on ly people from Wichita Falls, who invoice to other states with sales tax, that we're going to nail it and there's four hundred sixty two of them and we can find them because it's which shot falls. So we could just walk around and find them. And actually, that's a pretty good idea. That's pretty good place to get started. Then you can get bigger, right? So that's good. Except the problem of the small market is that if that little niche doesn't work, there may not be another thing to go. Do that's of any interesting size, and so your options are limited. And that's bad, because obviously at the front and even in the middle of the business, you're never sure exactly what's going to work out what's next. And all that kind of stuff. The Bigg market has lots of playground, lots of niches that you could if this fails, you're here. If this is successful, you could expand their whatever you have. Optionality and Optionality is always power. The other thing is, your product doesn't have to be the number one best thing ever for anything. How many serum tools are there any project management tools are there? How many timekeepers offer other? How many invoice packages are there, like hundreds that are in each category? Maybe more, and not everyone's making a bunch of money. But actually a lot of people are making enough money, and it's interesting in a big market. There's so much space. It's okay. If it's not the number one best thing for everything, you can still have a business, and that's good and not necessarily true in a smaller market. And, of course, just the fact that it's big and people are spending billions of dollars means there is a market at all. And like heat against that earlier, many, perhaps most companies fail because they're not building something where there is a pain that people will pay. For that, you can get Teo all this other stuff, but in a huge market, there is a pain that people are spending money and you probably can't get it right. It validates that off the bat, and that's a huge thing, and it's easy to find those customers. And if you change your mind, as I did with the VP engine and decided to change it from a cash machine to screw it, I want to swing for the fences. If been in a big market, you still have that option shin. That's all options. Good. So this third thing I want to get through is how do you acquire customers rights? We talked about charge, a lot of money and how and kinds of markets I like you don't like. And now, what about getting customers? So probably the most controversial thing out I will state is that I do not like social media on any form forgetting customers. I don't think it works very well. I think it's a lot of time. I think people don't acknowledge how much time and cost that actually is, and I don't think it it often does not result any repeatable business where it's a cash machine. In every month, it does it and everyone you can acquire customers. I want a business where I could put in a dollar. And no, I'll make four dollars this year. Or maybe even now, because I've annual pre paid right. That's what I want. And socially, no does not give that to me. Its ever changing. It's hard to have a voice. It's hard to do stuff. I have a blob with forty thousand readers, and when I launched a VP engine, a blogging platform, I was sure I'd get maybe thirty, fifty new customers just out of people going. Oh, Jason is doing that. I'm going to switch to that and see what it is, right? That's maybe that's egotistical. Well, it definitely is egotistical, but that's what I wanted to do. So I did. And I got to sign ups this many of tens of thousands of readers and actually ask Heat and I'm a heating your really your Internet famous, and you launch these little companies and see them with your stuff. What the hell am I doing wrong? He didn't just goes. No, it's always like that. It doesn't work. Move on just like that. Great. You know, So of course, you could say. Well, what about buffer? Those guys were really good at social media. Yes, yes, yes. You know, of course, it can be successful, especially if you're really good at it and spend tons of time. Is they do this? Of course. But in general, I don't like that I want I want to know I spent money and make money. That's what I want. And so since that's the model, I like that it's It's very important that you know how much you're going. You're going to pay per click. That could be add words or anything else, but one way or another, you're paying for a visit to the website. That's how most online marketing stuff can be boiled down to one way or another. So it's a good question. How much should I pay? Click. So this is my answer, which is sort of needs justification. My answer is that you, Khun? You take how much average revenue get per customer divide by twenty five. That's you could pay per click, so if your average fifty dollars a month in revenue, you pay two dollars a click. Now, obviously, is like a ton of assumptions and shit going on in here, right? Like this is not what is this? So, however, I don't want to spend more time here going through the math and stuff. And besides, you might want to tweak my assumptions, and my numbers will come up with your own sort of better formula for you. So I put up a block post, which I hope is there. Maybe someone can check and make sure it really went up, so I don't know. It is great, and it has the whole derivation of this simple Abla. So I'll just move on and let you look at that if you care. But the point is, obviously, this needs to be a data driven thing. What's my conversion rate? How much you know, What's the quality of the traffic segment by by market like this landing page optimization, like a million empirical data points you would actually do to compute this. But of course, you don't have any of those data points. And even if you have a couple hundred customers, you don't have enough data for that to be statistically significant anyway, so you still need a rule of thumb and so that there is this. So now the bad news. So let's say all of his works. You create this little company and you have no employees or just a few employees you actually like, working with, and it's chunking out thirty, forty k a month prophet. Maybe that'd be nice, and everything's going well. What happens next? It keeps growing. That's what it does. That's what companies that are successful do. They don't stop. And so if it keeps growing and you don't hire people to work on support, then you're going to give bad customer support. Is that okay? Is that all right for you? Is that the kind of company you wanted to build that you enjoy working on? And do you hire more people? And if you do, what does that mean in terms of your job? And you used to just worry about, look after marketing or just look after the code. But now you're managing people. Now becomes a thing. That wasn't the thing that you wanted to become that you didn't set out for. And so this is This is kind of an issue. And so So what? Some people do? There's various ways. Kind of out of this. You know, you can You can just sell the coming. Foresee big. Who's the guy that has the that? That book about selling your company. Where? Where is he selling your company? Online? Yeah, Websites area. So you go talk to that guy about selling your website online, and he'll help because he has a book about it, So hooray. But it's hard obviously to sell that Z easier said than done and usually don't get that much money for it. Sometimes you sell it if you have a partner, if you have employees, sometimes you can sell to them a nice trick. There is. A lot of people don't have, like, a bunch of cash to give you. And so you do some kind of urn out like you're going to get five or ten grand a month for a percentage of revenue for three years. And then that way, the company can afford to pay you off while you go off. And that's not such a bad thing. Of course, you also don't have your company anymore. This is how this is. What happened to my second company Watchdogs? We were, uh I guess I'm probably running low on time. Right? Rob, how we doing on time? Okay, so So Wade built this amazing device for a customer of ours on a contract basis, and it was wildly successful to them. They were immediately making millions of dollars more money per year with this thing that was embedded in their stuff. And I remember we were sitting there in their conference room in Lincoln, Nebraska, and they they said, Hey, what's stopping you from building the same product and selling it to the other hundred power strip manufacturers on Earth? And we thought we said nothing. I guess we don't have an exclusive. So yeah, that's not a bad idea. And so four months later they bought the company. That's it. So it happens, of course, but again, it's hard to It's hard to make that happen or plan for that. Common thing people say is raise prices. I mean, shoot. If you don't want more customers than make each of the customers pay more, this is good, and that's true. But you know, it does also change the nature of the business. So this conference is a good example. This year was more expensive than last year, and so some people that were a little more of a want a printer and not really, you know, not really that serious. Just snooping around. You charge more, and some of them will drop off. And that was something that was useful for the conference. But if this conference for ten grand, like almost no one could know, almost no one here could or should show up for that kind of dough. And who would, I don't know, but would be a different conference wherever that is different. So just raising prices also changed the clientele. And that may or may not be again Okay, for what you want to do on again, you could decide will screw this bootstrapping thing. I'm goingto I'll go ahead and raise money. That's fine. And that's what we do with W pension. And so that's cool. If you decide you want to change your journey completely, that's fine. But if you knew this ahead of time that all this bootstrapping was actually a bad idea. In other words, if you wanted to go, do you know if that was your goal in the first place, Then you should have just been on that path and optimizing yourself in your time and going to market and all that in the first place and not sort of gone to slowly at first and then finally decide to accelerate. So it's a sub optimization anyway. And you should have kind of known that ahead of time. Maybe So this is but this is This is this is kind of bad. Like So what is the answer here? I mean, I want a little company. And then if I am successful, then it won't be that thing. It's just like this weird catch twenty two and there isn't a great there isn't a great answer. Unfortunately, this is one of those dilemmas. You know how you know people sell their company, and then, you know, Oh, boo hoo. Money doesn't make you happy. And Abu who? You don't know what to do next. Oh, boo hoo. Like you made ten million dollars Shut up, All right. But actually, it's very real, and actually, you know, people's happiness and fulfillment is very real. And this is this is going to happen in some form or fashion to you if you're successful, and then it won't feel like, you know, that's a high class problem like, Yes, and it's your problem. And so when you going to, it's hard and so, but I supposed to what, like working at IBM? We're not doing this now. It's in our DNA. We have to do this. So the only thing I can tell you to combat it is this. This guy Fe lease was a Greek businessman, but then he turned philosopher, which I suppose that's kind of what people who are in tech now do, right, like they get successful business, and then they get blog's and right. Same thing, anyway. So if Haley's, it was asked famously, what is the hardest thing? And he said to know that myself hardest thing to me. That is the sort of answer to this dilemma of What is it that I want from this? What am I trying to build with this company? I know training money. Yeah, I know. I don't want to do a job right on, but what? What am I trying to do for me? What's going to fulfilling for me? And even that is going to change for Italian? Unfortunately, which means you have to keep figuring that out. And it's the hardest thing. Oops. I thought building the company was the hardest thing. Nope, it's this. That's the hardest thing. And so that's again a very difficult message because there's not much of an answer in that other thing. You know, it's really hard, other than maybe talking about it, especially talking about it with folks who have trod that path before and maybe doing almost therapy with them to do that, which I'm happy to do. I know lots of lots of lots of people are very happy to do that sort of thing. It's a nice conversation to have Mom. The other thing he was asked that same interview was what is the easiest thing and, he says to give advice. Which is what I've been doing for our. So I'm doing the easiest thing by telling you the hardest thing. Great, easy for me to say because then I could just wrap and leave it. It's up to you to do all the hard stuff. And so people ask, What's my formula for success? Which is a stupid question. But if there is an answer than I've just given it to you a CZ best like him in this past hour, which is that you need to have predictable acquisition of customers, which give you recurring revenue that you're using an annual pre paid to solve all your cash flow problems with any market That's conducive to the kind of company that your building in the constraints and advantages that you have, like being a boutique but not not having a million hours a week. And that's how you create a cash machine. I hope everyone here does exactly that. Then thanks for your time. You talk a little bit about any advisor tips you have for a sass business that doesn't actually have subscription revenue would rather transactional revenue to be to be model acquisition is Mohr Traditional sales with potentially larger revenue per customer. But much of what I see and read about the SAS is focused on, you know, getting business through clicks and recording the enterprise sales process company in particular. OK, great, yes. So first of all, you said, is not recurring. Yes, it is. It's an annual contract, mostly in enterprise, right? Maybe quarterly, but usually could do annual. And that's good, because that's the annual pre pay, too. And you can do that in enterprise because their budgets are typically annual as well, so they could care less. And of course, it's easier to do one Pio and one invoice per year and do that with some kind of automatic renewal that they have to contact you if they don't want that kind of thing, right? Obviously got to charge a lot a lot, and there's going to be, you know, you have to do with mesas and all kinds of stuff. They're the purchase orders going take forever to pay and all that. The other day we got a purchase or with net one thirty on it. Hell, um so so actually, that that's, you know, rough in that in that sense, so so. Obviously you have a sales office, often have a sales force model with that. But to be clear, it's smart bear. It was almost all enterprise sales, and there was no sales people and the way it worked, as I did all the demos, and I went on the sales calls, and everybody who was back at the office was competent and doing all of those things. And then then I had to hire really competent people because they were able to write code and talk to customers and to tech support, answer sales questions, which means they had to be really smart and multi talented and they were expensive. But I also had a million dollars of revenue per head because they were really good. And so we could be really lean, not Helene. Start of sense, I suppose, but not spending a lot of money sense on DH so I could distribute the money to them instead, which is great. So that's an example of a bootstrap company in the enterprise space. We have terrific folks all around, so you don't go higher, higher out and build out a big enterprise sales team. You can do that, of course, it's much harder to to me to bootstrap that exactly because of this time lag and money, because to go get them still, you have to do cold calls or some other kind of outreach or some conferences or put white papers on stuff. And the sales cycle is often very long, especially because you catch them maybe in a discovery phase, and they're not yet ready to buy, and they're not ready. Select you and then the the lawyers get involved, and it just takes a long time. And all that cost you're eating and humans and time before you get the purchase order and then still they don't want to pay. And then we'll go out the next cheque run and, you know, it could be a long time before you get the dough. The good news, of course, is once you get it, you often keep those things. For five years, he was fantastic, right? But you got to charge a lot to sort of get over the hump of all that other stuff. If you do higher sales people, you've got to goto you often we'll have to go to more of like a commission on Lee, but lots of commission model because you don't have the cash to float a great sales guy for their one hundred hundred one fifty one fifty sort of a compensation model that they might be expecting. You can't so you just have to say, Well, I hope you drag in a lot of sail fish and then you could eat a lot. I don't know, right? So that's hard to get going. So it is harder because of these constraints, which aren't necessarily, you know, working. But but you can do it. I did it. The pilots for another good trick, you say, Why don't we start with often? They wanted to pilots anyway, depending on the product. But let's just try it with thirty seats. See how that goes. Maybe you could turn that around a lot faster with a smaller budget, and then you get some cash flow going and some relationship going and then go. Many of the transactions we did were like that are average transaction was twelve thousand dollars, but on the first transaction. But our average total transactions sixty thousand because over time they buy more, sometimes even six and seven figures over the course of a year and a half or so. And so that kind of like get in there and then go get Mohr, which salespeople called Land and expand. It is not a bad model, either, and helps you get a little more cash flow. I mean, this is a whole topic, really. So I hope some of that helps were answered. Your question. Now I know a lot of coders that have products don't necessarily take advantage of affiliate programs. How do you feel about that? I think there's a lot of products for which affiliate programs are great, not enterprise, but way do pretty well with affiliates. And at first we did not. We didn't do a good job when we first launched them, and then we relaunched it with Sheriff's Sale. And we kind of did a better job in, uh, reaching out personally to affiliates and especially some of the larger ones, and so on to try to make it work, even special coupons, much like the ones I just said those. But I really like it. And if you're going to do affiliates, I think first of all, you needed you need to pay the affiliate a lot because they encourage them to do it, and especially the bigger affiliates do get paid a lot, so you won't get their attention unless you're spending a lot of money with them at the same time. That's a big cash flow thing because they get their money quickly, like typically in forty five days. So if you're paying an affiliate, two hundred three hundred dollars is a lot. I mean most Ophelia progressing more like thirty bucks, and that's fine, but you won't get a lot of attention. But if you're charging a lot of money, then you can pay the affiliate a lot. C. Isn't it better to charge a lot of money? It opens up options, but also you need that annual pre pay because it's so much money that you're paying so quickly to them. And so again, I would couple that with special coupons for them to encourage the annual, and then you're back to good from a cash flow perspective. But in general, I do think it depends on the business. They're things like the one we're in and hosting or inward press with a ton of companies who make a lot of money through affiliate sales, so sort of stands to reason that we could to these other areas where it's not true, and so you'll just have to see. But certainly the affiliate doesn't get paid unless you get a sale. So it seems to me you could certainly make the math work. And then either the affiliate program will work or it won't, and either you'll get better at it or not, But either way, you're not going to pay them, so you get a sale. So it's pretty easy to make sure that equation works. And then, you know, give it a try. But if it does work, it's incredibly powerful. You wanna talk about predictable because those affiliates, it's their job to get more money every month, right? So you have these people who themselves, it's it's in their interest to try Toe send you new customers every month, and that's great. That's that's exactly the kind of predictable cash machine that you want. So in that sense, I really like affiliate sales. One final note of fear on that is there's a lot of shady affiliates, and if you ever go to Ophelia conference, you kind of feel like you need to take a bath afterwards of there it is. A lot of them are our shady, and so also, you'll get people if you're not. If you're controlling who actually is able to do the affiliate uh, program and kind of vetting them, you'll be spread all kinds of stuff that probably is not good for you or for your brand or even for sales or any of those things. And so you may or may not care about that. I mean, there may not be interesting to us, and we're pension. We care about a reputation quite a lot. We trade on that reputation of service and attitude and all that kind of stuff, and so it's important to us. But that not be the case. We even don't do certain things, even stuff. That's kind of gray hat just because what if that kind of looked bad? So because we value that we are careful about affiliates, but you may not care. Can we know one thing that you regret doing or perhaps we're not doing on your business journey man, all kinds of stuff all of the time. I think you're not honest If you don't say that great doing or not doing, I mean anybody that looks back over, you know, Ah, year and can't and says, like, everything was perfect and then make any mistakes, you know, Not true, I guess One thing I would say is, um, if I look at a pattern that I keep repeating, that I have to be careful about things I'm not really learning about and therefore I really regret it, because if you make a mistake the first time, you can't really regret it. You say I made the best choice I could at the time and let's move on, right? But if you make it repeatedly, then maybe you start regretting that you're not getting better at it. I guess two things there. One is not getting rid of someone fast enough that needed to go almost always culturally based. Very rare that it's skills bastes, usually cultural, based because people do poison well. And that could just be a consultant. It could be employees, could be any of those kinds of things, but that's really important. And no one ever says, We fired that person too quickly. No one ever says that, but everyone has a story of when they didn't fire someone soon enough. So that's a mistake that I probably continue to make, and it's a constant thing. And again, even if you don't have employees, that could be true of a consultant that you kind of feel may be taking advantage of you or isn't really working out. But you're sort of well, but they're engaged. So I'll just like there's There's lots of examples of that kind of thing. I regret not staying true to what I felt was the right thing to do, and that's in lots of different situations. Like the affiliates were to Philly. We're like I'm kind of kind of skeevy about having this person promoting my thing. Should I do that or not? And to me, especially when you're building a self funded company in which your identity is so tied up in the company itself. I always regret not following what I think is the right thing. I have a treat. People how to treat people coming in, coming out the standards that you set up inside the company for yourself with customers, for the product, for other people that you work with for hearing something that someone says and not on not kind of standing up for it and say, no, that's not acceptable here. It's not. It's not funny. It's not okay not doing that often enough. The all kinds of things like that I know I feel right now this is wrong and I'm not acting strong enough T make this known to everyone and to say no, this is what I'm building. This is what we're doing. This is who we are. I always regret not doing that after the fact s O You mentioned earlier about the little formula of calculating your how much you could afford per click s o. I noticed that was like a two dollars two dollars per click, right? So I'm curious for w p m dinner. Are you actually be able to get that sort of cosper click or what do you doing? No, we can spend even more. So again, the real answer there is. You measure everything all throughout the funnel and you can say you segment out the cost to acquire a customer by by the marketing channel and was that there was an affiliate. There was sales assistant was your coupon because that makes it cost more and that the customer stick around. Or did they cancel? And we even measure stuff like And how much server costs are they costing? How much support costs? I think we have all of that. And so for every customer we have, all of that we have all this analysis that's very detailed per affiliate and per channel and just write and so were very precise about how the marketing campaigns are working, What's the payback period and so on. That is the correct thing to do. But, you know, we have way sign. We're in the four figures of new customers per month. So we have a lot of data, right? So we can do all that statistically and actually have something. Also, since we're shooting the moon now, also, we're willing to spend even more money than that might be, you know, ER, than you might think in order to get customers. And so we're That's even more because we just want the customers because we know what to do with them, and that's valuable to us. Another thing is, we're so good at word of mouth and social media and the consultant channel that most of our new sign ups are actually without advertising at all. But what that means is we can spend that much Mohr acquiring through advertising because on average it's still very cheap. And so we can afford again Teo, even if way, lose some money on some things, just the fact that we have the customer, they might tell a friend they might upgrade later. And so I'm just having a customer is has value in financial value even over time, even if it's a little more difficult to measure all of that value, it's true, and so we can spend even more. So we measure all this time we do it absolutely empirically, so that we know that. And so what that were pointing out is until you are signing of a thousand people a month and our measuring all this stuff, even if you are measuring it, you still don't have enough data to really say. And things were gonna fluctuate a lot week to week, month to month and so on. And so, until you have enough data to actually use data. I had this sort of assumptions and process which actually came from other surveys and other things, so that these assumptions themselves seem correct in the main on DSO. So I that's why I like that formula. But it's only because without data you have the same rule of thumb, and this is my best effort at providing it with with one that that's that's logical.
